One 1.
How many? May I come?
Francisco. You see. Well, CAC de [Laughter] sa. Wait, like an extreme band, one. We can.
Provia [Laughter] was uncomfortable.
He actually did.
For example. And [Laughter] I.
Hello.
So who know?
I was.
Yes.
Perfect, let's wait for warmer rain for people to join, and then let's kick it off.
The best of you can answer.
Alright, so we start. It's ten o'clock sharp. Another week. Maybe before jumping into the previous week and looking forward to the next week, I wanted to give the floor to Hank to share a personal update.
Guys, I have an announcement to make. I will stop working with metal or with Marktlink Capital by 1 February 2020. So that will be in less than two months. I worked for 42 and a half years. So sometimes it's at the end. [Laughter] People say when you are retired, you are expired. [Laughter] But I have news for you [Laughter] I won't be expired. And I'm very pleased that there will be an ambassador for Monocling Capital. As far as events, masterclasses, bringing in new clients. So once in a while, you will see me in twenty-five, twenty-six, and probably twenty-seven. [Laughter] That's. And twenty-eight. And I'm very pleased that I worked for Marktlink Capital. Let's say almost two years, and the last couple of months, I've heard from clients and people who know the industry quite well that we are. In the meantime, they say you are the number one, the best in class Marktlink Capital in this field, so that's good to hear. That means that we all are a winning team and a lot of talents here, but when you are the best in class, it will attract a lot of new talented people, that's for sure. And sometimes they say we are in a hockey stick. Well, we are together. We are in the hockey stick. And I have news for you. It won't stop, it will go further. And I'm really glad that sometimes I said it's an accelerating TGV train. [Laughter]
Will go further.
So you'll be aware of that. And let's say it's almost two months. That means that at the end of December and all January, I will distribute my clients to the sales team. They will be very happy with me. [Laughter] And that's an announcement I want to make. And further, we will have some nice talks about it, but that's my statement of today.
Thanks hang thanks it.
Thank you.
EG, thank you, and obviously very sad to see you leaving us. But as she says, you will be retained as an ambassador. During the ski trip, you'll frequently keep seeing us. During the Christmas dinner, you'll frequently keep seeing us.
So part of the team commented, thank you.
Thanks.
Thanks so much, Jank. These things are always a little bit bittersweet. It must be good to finally get to retirement age at the same time you need to leave to some degree, this ever-accelerating TGV fact. Being said, I think one thing to look back on is the PON event. Maybe one of you was there - Erin or Clene or William can share two words about the PON event. [Laughter].
Yeah, it was really nice, I think. Patricia really led the team well, and made sure that everything was very much on track. There was a lot of sushi and drinks, a good group of investors, I think, and even a tour, so, yeah, I think it was a nice event, and I think all the investors really enjoyed it.
How many investors attended?
I do think that looking back myself, I thought it was a super nice event, but India's sort, overwhelmed by the PON.
35.
Okay. Well.
So we had a small group, but this was a small informal event, so that was really nice. I think we had like two no-shows or something, so that was really good.
And I thought there were some investors who were at the London events, and they were bonding with each other again when they saw each other, and they were reminiscing about that event, which was really great, and they really liked what we're doing. So I think that was nice to see this connection between them as well, that they really see the value of the network. That's really what they said. So it was nice to see it by.
It's hard to keep all the clients together. Maybe that shouldn't be the purpose of it, but, anyway, I thought that was interesting.
No.
That's true. Everybody wants to visit the part, and that's the idea.
CSM was consistent; it felt more like we're giving them a present rather than an event hosted by us, so to say.
So it's hard to really keep them in a stand. It's nice that there is a place where we can meet and greet again.
But [Laughter] cool.
Yeah, I think that's how it is when you go to those big events. Yeah, it's more nice that we arrange something nice.
And anything else to look back upon last week, then maybe moving forward to this week, let's start with sales. I don't see PD in a call with them.
[Laughter].
I know where I mean your screen, [Laughter].
Sharp as a razor. The burden. Boy.
Seals. Yeah.
Hey, boy, for birthday.
Not many updates. I know Hu is 41.
How old are you now? PA is 40.
41.
On sales. I think there were a couple of updates from Hua. I see those on the call. I'm not sure if we can talk, but I know that we got some extensions from both AA and ICG. I think those are two important updates.
Yeah. Let me. I hope you can hear me while I'm outside waiting for the Metro. Yes. So on Friday afternoon I spoke to ICG; they have now provided a more detailed update for the call. The Capital call will come mid-December, and so we'll still hold the ICG close as we're planning, but we now have visibility on being able to accommodate as much as we would like in a late February close.
So that will mean that with OPS, we'll set a deadline for new materials somewhere. Probably. We discussed with Miro, and I think that gives us a nice bit of extra runway to maximize the ICG outcome. The hard cap raise has been formally approved, which means a bit more diversification in the main fund and in the sidecar.
So that's the benefit of that. And then on Nigeria, I spoke to the managing partner on Friday late, and we'll have a bit more time ahead of their formal close in January. Again, I need to discuss with Miro the OPS today what that means for moving our deadline for dogs. But on December 10, we need to indicate a number to them for the January close in order to get the same terms as you. Remember, if we had Capital later, then we get the extra fee.
So effectively that would mean, unless OPS have any different considerations, that on December 10 we need to know if people are in. We can build in a little bit of reserve in terms of allocation capacity. We don't have that much more runway because on the second or third week of January, OFGDA will be the formal close on their end.
So basically, somewhere around mid-December, that's the additional time we've got for Nigeria.
And me, I haven't seen you on the call yet.
But we'll pick it up once you arrive at the office. Get. Yeah, so eight more days for good visibility on the area, it's.
I think ICG's closing was last week. I think one question that was still remaining on sales is if we already have the date for the closing in January or next year. I don't know if that is. I think go.
We'll get back to that, we'll send around the new OPS planning this week.
But there will be one closing in February or in January.
5G.
Probably February, as we don't expect a lot to happen over Christmas in the first week of the one closing. Yeah, I think it's gonna be one closing.
Yeah, cool.
Cool, and then maybe giving the floor to William to share something on VC 3, as we discussed last week.
Yeah, definitely. So we will start the fundraise for VC three this week. The first email will go out to all the investors from FC1 and FC2, and later this month to all our investors. I'll make sure all the VC templates are in Hubspot this week. And we aim for two closings on the 14th of February. It's the first closing, and I say [Laughter] and one more closing in May. Together with Patricia, we have a venture capital event on the 12th of March booked.
So the option is there.
The option is there. Perfect, yes. But we had a lot of interesting event topics, a lot of AI, a lot of venture capital. So I think it will be a great event. And we will organize this month for all the salespeople a one-on-one VC training led by Balka.
So that's the planning for this go fundraise. But in the next sales meeting, we will dive a bit deeper. Any questions?
During the.
Invest.
Presentation. Is it done already or already?
Hold on yeah this week hold them yeah [Laughter].
And we do a webinar.
That's yeah, I find it before I've tried [Laughter] that target 50 million targets 80 million hard capital.
With the potential to single handedly extend the hard cap. 200.
Stoop.
But it makes flexibility to hundred. So right then.
Cool. More information on that will follow this week. It will be a pretty structured process so that you know what to expect and that you know how to sell this in the market. I think given the pipeline that we have, a pretty good product to sell.
So that's pretty cool. And maybe moving over to marketing, and sorry to cut off first, Oliver Selim, what happened, interesting.
Yeah. So this week we have two IC propositions being discussed, one on Tuesday and the other one on Thursday. We have quite some other stuff to be finalized for Christmas, and we decided to pull the Autoco investment because there was a bit of uncertainty about it.
So we didn't do that one.
What the propositions.
Okay, so now under for EC, okay for B on the VC side.
We decided to pull Locom Lob, which was a bit of a last-minute decision. However, we couldn't get comfortable that it's a very established group, but we couldn't get comfortable that they're the ones that are going to stay on top. The team below the head guy is perhaps not strong enough. The firm is becoming more and more distracted with opportunity funds, with pre-IPO funds, with charitable works. As good as that is, it's not the kind of focus on making sure that they stay the number one player in the seed space.
So we ultimately decided to pass on that one, and that was something we were set to discuss this week as well. That's why the agenda is a little bit lighter.
It's good. I wanted to switch to marketing and events, but now that we got... You're talking. Anyway, maybe a couple of words on the new offers.
Yeah. So, as mentioned last week, we are preparing for the move, which is about to happen on December 14th. Saturday basically means that most of the materials from this office are transferred to the new office. And actually, it's advised to work from home prior to December 6th because from December 6th it will be operationally open during lunch, and on the 2nd and 3rd of January, it's open, but there's no lunch facility arranged. But yeah, it's possible to work if people really want to, but otherwise, it's just better to work from home on those two days, and everything will be ready on December 6th, and we retain the COR offices until January.
January.
But is this the last... Send your...
This week and.
Next week. So, when should we work from home? 16. Yeah, so 16.
But what we will do is that the last office will remain intact because those tables and monitors are not transferred. So, if people are not able to work from home, you're able to work there, but then you really need to come on time. But yeah, that's one thing, and the other one is for hosting meetings. It won't be able to host meetings on this floor as of the 16th, but it's possible to do that downstairs, of course. And from December 6th to January 6th, it's possible to do that in the new office. But the guideline related to the whole move is shared on Slack, which basically means that this week some containers will be brought for information that can be thrown away, confidential and non-confidential information. But we will help everyone in giving some guidance on the whole move. But if there are any more questions, please let us know.
Okay? Maybe as a blocker, send an invite for the days that people are not supposed to work in the office. Then people don't forget.
Yeah, we'll do that. And the meeting rooms are already blocked, so it's not possible to accidentally host a meeting in this meeting, for example.
And parking will be.
Yeah. So there we shared a later guideline on tax parking lounge, et cetera. It will be shared next week.
Co. If nothing on the office marketing and events. I think we have one more event coming up. At least, an external event. Patrice, next week Tuesday.
That's right, the padel in B Amsterdam. So that one is completely fully booked.
So that will be a nice event as well. And then on the 18th, we have our own Christmas dinner. We will send out the invitation today.
So, when possible, please let us know if you are there. But, when you are not there, please tell me as well.
Perfect, nice and short.
[Laughter].
W on the marketing front, I think one thing is still important. We've still got a lot of leads that haven't been followed up. Followed up.
One.
Romb. And are working on that. Please stay conscious of that.
I mean, these are expensive leads, but they're good leads. Other than that, we're planning some activation materials for VC three and we're working on the website, I think. That being said, moving over to OPS finance there.
Yeah. Today is the first official day of St. And Willem. They are now at the office getting their onboarding tomorrow. They'll just join us. And hopefully, there are some chairs and screens they can work from.
Can you share two or three cents on... I don't know if everybody is as much in the know as you are about what they're going to do.
22:42
Speaker 12
Yes. So, they will become direct colleagues of Bin. They have a lot of experience in private assets and Fund administration. And together, we want to build out our capacity around Fund administration. And let's see what we can insource there. But that will still take some time.
Yeah, we expect that we can really accelerate the film's management, and get better, quicker reporting, and more insights. Yeah, really focus on the assets and the valuations relating. Yeah, it's just, yeah, it's a bit late, but yeah, we're really happy that they're starting. Willem has a background in both Fund administration and payments. He's the payment lead now for Bunk. They're really sorry that he left. They really asked him to stay on as an advisor there. But for now, he will focus on Marketing Capital. Willem will play a role in Platform 11 to make payment links. We're now in discussions with Molly to see if we can integrate that in Platform Eleven.
So it's really helpful, and sure it will focus on all the funds and under the AF&D, get all the processes in line. Do a check on everything we've done, and look at new software, which will enable us to have all of the Fund accounting in one place that will be very good use to us.
24:42
Speaker 14
Will it be the case that sales will be able to check if clients have paid their Capital costs or not?
24:53
Speaker 4
Yes. Okay, great. Thanks. Yeah.
24:57
Speaker 12
We ...[Laughter]... now already put it in Platform eleven and the cash flows. There is a slight delay there because it's still a manual exercise, but once we have a payment integration with Mollage, it should be instantaneous. But that's still.
Yeah, it's something we're going to work on over the coming, half year. Yeah, right.
25:24
J
Jaap
Thanks.
And then, I don't know if we have any other topics left. Maybe Pim, you, submitted the dogs for, the a fm, not a light matter for the AFM license. Maybe you can say a couple of words on that.
25:45
P
Pim
Yes. So, the lawyers submitted the license application last week, on Thursday. And I think the whole process will take between six to twelve months going forward. That's quite broad, but it depends on the amount of questions we get from the AFM. I do expect, say, in January or something, that we will be invited to the AFM for an introduction, or they will come over to us in the new office.
And then, let's see, I mean, I think we're in good hands with the lawyers. So, but for certainly Miro and myself, the broader team is working on the implementation of the AFM, which will follow in the months to come.
So, depending on your function or depending on your seniority, you'll be instructed, or we'll host presentations or send information emails to all of you. So, but that's proposed for Christmas. ...[Laughter]... .
27:04
Speaker 4
How many comparable firms.
27:06
P
Pim
They have it? Yeah, IBS has it. Well, if you consider Campon as a carbon equity camp, I think they're using the license of a post. A, and I'm not.
27:35
J
Jaap
Cool. Thanks. I think, if nothing else, that is it for this week. Anyone? No one. Have a great week, everyone.
