Was for same pace for the PAS. Okay. Okay.
What does your take on that for? Thank you to May. [Laughter].
Yeah. It's a sound cli.
State 2.
Alright, good morning everyone, and at the exactly, 10:00 am and I hope everyone had a good weekend. I think there was a chance encounter in Lisbon between Baudeein and Patricia. You accidentally, walked into each other. Serendipity, so that's finey.
[Laughter].
Really funny, because when you're Lisban, you don't expect that.
It's I guess, a testament to our ongoing growth as a firm. [Laughter] Still a chance encounter.
[Laughter].
And we' looking ahead to a great week. Is there any, update from the HR side, boss?
Not from myself, maybe.
Okay, that maybe moving over to sales. Meha, I don't know if you're there.
Is a way. But yeah, we don't have that much update either. Fund five is going well. We have a closing the 1st of November and I and D is going well, but it's later. The end of November. And I will send reminders on Slack this morning.
Yeah, that's pretty much.
Okay, I think maybe from my side then, because I don't see Pete in the meeting. Nor is he, I think in the room.
So the I the emails for I CCA g went out. I already noticed for myself that a lot of people downloaded the teaser that activates deal cards and hobsports. I think, as always with these kind of things, right, is the sooner you follow up, the more chance you get of sealing that deal.
So I think that is probably a point of attention. And then indeed, as you said right, getting people in before the for the next close for F5 will be an important factor. I think Yu is on holiday this week.
So I don't know exactly what the status is of Nigeria, boss. I don't know what you discussed last week.
Y may maybe before we do aligeria maybequick recap on ICG for everybody. So we SA mailing to a couple of groups.
So group number one are the ICG LP leads. So these are existing investors because during the meeting we will give an update on ICG LP LET.
So that's basically a teaser for them to go. Then we send it out to the Glendower investors. Print 4 and VC two investors. And this morning we sent it out to all the feeder prospects. But as always, there are a lot of bounces, right?
So please check the list. I will send them to the sales team. Check where your contacts are bouncing or are not engaged, but you can see if they clicked on the link.
So I think we should do some personal follow up. I think now there are 30 people signed up. We want to really push it to the event. For the event. Want to push it to 100.
Okay, perfect.
And then back to Nigeria, any news there? Or not yet so much.
I think we have real life, but maybe line.
Out no, everything's ready, the investor station T or email.
So will we do an event as well? I guess.
It's probably in November.
And here we are an event in November. That's good that we yeah.
That's the idea the second half of November second.
Yeah.
Okay, that's good to know, yeah.
Two weeks perfect.
It's good to know. Anyways, just in terms of the calendar we have that it's on the calendar that we know about it.
Yeah, Michael, do you know.
No, we still have to figure out a date with Adia. But for you, for the sales team, all templates are ready now to send out.
So it's an introductory template and the templates with the onboarding, emails, as well as the links to the documentation. So I understood from llyis that all marketing materials.
So the investor presentation has been signed off by IA last week. So we are almost good to go.
So two things that remain are the date for the event, as well as, the Hobspot mailing. And I wanted to discuss with the sales team whether now would be a good time, planning wise, to send out a second feeder email already or that we should wait a few more days. Considering that we did that, we just send out I circa G.
I think the question the vn style is the VN bondw [Laughter].
Well, yes, but no because time timing is of the essence, right?
So we don't have.
The final close in December, right?
So if you.
Yeah, so we can hold off a few more days, I would say, but we shouldn't wait for too long.
What do you feel like?
And one Nigeria is we are exclusive with the feeder right?
So there is no one else in the market with a feeder for Nigeria in the Netherlands.
That's correct. We have a firmed allocation until the end of this month. I think the maybe it's more for a sales meeting, but the Fund raising period is quite short because if we commit in a new year, we get less favorable terms.
So the Fund raising, the sales efforts will only take place this year. Yeah. And we have to provide an indication of our commitment or our top up on ten December.
So it's a bit tight, but it took us forever to get to where we are now.
And a little bit, but maybe that's not a good fault there. Maybe. Is it possible? Do we have a with the time that we combine it the same day with ICG that we say in the morning? We do Athera and when people want to stay, they go to AC ICG or the other way around because then we only have one cost for the renting fee for the location and after that we have more sales time to close before the 10th of December.
What time does it start at the TC ICGM 3 station.
03:00 in the afternoon. So we have in the afternoon around free and then we have after drinks.
Let let's maybe take this offline. But I think that's a good idea, right?
Yeah, okay.
To fit this in the already a pretty, busy schedule.
Alright, I don't think there's anything else on sales, so, maybe moving over to marketing and events. Patricia maybe you want to start with the event that is there this week.
Yes, on Friday we are with Benardas. We will send you the exact, tea times on there tomorrow, I think, or Wednesday because we have a couple of cancelations, but we know in front, so that's no problem.
So we see each other at Benardas. That's. Everything is arranged. And we are almost complete for London.
So in a couple of places to fill in but almost complete. So that's very good and everybody's really nice on the email and on the phone, they're really looking forward. Then we are going to Pan Amsterdam. Pan Amsterdam. We didn't send out the first list because we want to ask people with the maximum age of 45 at the moment to a little bit keep it young and nearby Amsterdam.
So, let's see if that work out. So we are going to call those people and after that we go to the Padell and we have a good list already for that.
So fill in, please, your last names, because we want to send it out.
This week and tomorrow will be the presentation of Africa Stevens. In the afternoon. There will be twenty two people who will come. They're all entrepreneurs and quite interesting.
So we and how much are from our side, Hank and how much from Africa.
From our side from Market Lin Capital there will be seven, from Marktlink there will be four and the rest is from half. Yeah.
That's perfect. Yeah. That's good. That it works out? Yeah, perfect.
And running off for some people know that he will moderate it and afterwards. Yes.
Second one for.
He will be earning a lot.
Tomorrow.
What you do in life, you always run into ho. It's really hard to overcore, but always good though. I think on the other hand, as you know, we're working on the website.
So thanks for the feedback. There's a new version coming, and I think as of next week, we'll start with a pretty elaborate campaign for fun. Five in the newspapers, in on the radio and online.
So if you see a lot of inflow of leads, that's why. And maybe moving next week, we see the first not the newspaper yet, but we'll get the first things live.
Is next week already up. Great.
Are you awar that the hairspquency starts as of next week and the week after.
Yes, that's in the budget. We get a little bit discount, but this is not the newspaper yet, Pete. This is only online. That starts next week.
Okay.
What is the English translation for harrsfky?
Something like that.
Maybe. Ops Finance. Admin Midio.
We're finalizing the budget this week. Still we still need to get some we're still we still need to get some response.
[Laughter].
From marking.
All our initial purchase. Yeah. So. Curious to see how that happens. And apart from that, working on several things with the obs steam migration of the old funds to the platform 11. We imported the F two last week, but we still need to do a lot of importing of documents, and it takes a lot of time because we need to rename all of them. And yeah, it's just a huge exercise.
So whenever we have time to work on that. And apart from that, we.
Yeah, we're working on that on some finance projects this week.
And we're sending out some.
Capital calls for Beyond Park probably fon.
Andon five.
So.
Besides Erin maybe highlights the size of theu.
About 9%. Wow.
Yeah, it's gonna be a huge one because of the.
Nice. I completely forgot outflow. Maybe, there's no IC this week, but, any update.
No, I see. We have a couple of Fund investments that we're looking at. So HG Fusion and the Bonaccord. The Bonaccord will follow in the next. I see.
I guess it'll be a bit later. I'm gonna go to the AGM and then bringing it TI after that, but it works with their time lines.
Okay. And on the co investment side, we received the allocation for Glendower, so that's very nice. You have full limitation if there's anything else for five.
So we closed Millpoint last week and we're working on moving Hildred through the legal process. Maxburg has finally transferred or will transfer this week, which for Fund 5 will be quite a big Capital call that needs to be paid end of the month.
So then we'll have Millpoint and Maxburg at least signing closed. And Hildred and August getting closed. Closed. Okay, got it.
So now we have three funds in front five millpoint area closed. Okay, so then we have four already.
Yeah. And not close on the Fund side yet. And we're working on Benelux slot and already starting to draft for the secondaries.
So that will start after ICG so doing some work on that.
Can I have one question on the pipeline for Fund five? How concrete is the opportunity to invest in Standard? Can we already mention that in conversations? Or is that like on a ferry over?
Not yet. But we're. We're going to start working on that slot as well. The, like, restructuring slot? Yeah.
I think one thing.
So somebody, shared the deck of altics. I think as marketing team, it's good to see it as I think it is, I think it's beautifully done. I think content wise, it's we're still better. But I think visually it presented quite nicely. But I feel that they have a lot more sort of names that are maybe not as good managers but are sometimes appealing to our audience.
So I would prioritize. Maybe in such maybe you can share two words on what you did last week in terms of outflow.
Who I want. Why? It's the first part London.
Valter. Valter.
Yeah, I spent last week running around London. I think it was probably something like 16 1718 meetings and two and a half days. Everything from solo GPS to Index and Excel fighting the good fights to get access to the top tier run names. I think we made a lot of good headway, a lot of good work on the pipeline, a lot of good work in internally stack ranking that pipeline.
So we'll start working on that and working on the follow up and seeing what actually turns out to be actionable beyond that in the short term. The opportunity we're bringing is Layer Hippo, not related to the London trip, but that is a New York seed stage Fund.
So that will be coming to IC in the coming weeks, and after that, the London names will start to flow.
Perfect.
Maybe. Yeah, sorry from my end. I hope you guy can hear me.
Ten.
One final gossip that the gloves are off with they and pay because it's not a fun that we particularly wanted to have access to. But they. And they gave a ticket to a small shop called 3 65 in the Netherlands, AP Fund, and they demanded exclusivity.
So they explicitly stated that you want our money. You can't get money from Marktlink and Altics. And it was just not easy for a feeder. Just a normal allocation in their Fund program.
So they're getting more and more aggressive to push us out and, gain. Exc exclusively.
I think, gloves are off, right? [Laughter] I think we have the momentum which that and realize that it is like any market a truly competitive market.
17:59
B
Bouke
No more.
18:08
J
Jaap
Then that is not a really cooperative market.
So I think that's fine. 365 they can have if we have the brand names right?
18:24
B
Bouke
What about the other good lower MI market players?
18:27
Speaker 2
We all yeah, so we're working on that. Yeah. So we're working on that one this week.
So we'll come to like a short list, I think, in next week, something like that for the Dutch market.
18:35
J
Jaap
But I do think indeed, like Bostian said and like Pena mentioned as the outflow team and as specifical looking at Alex Odivier and Selim. And for these brands like Vortex or Standard, we shouldn't like drop the ball. We should be full front and center on these as this is going to be a fight. Okay. Anything. Anything else for this week that people want to share? Or something fun that they did last week before we had it.
19:09
Speaker 3
Yeah, maybe. On the office, we submitted the permit to start the renovation, so hopefully we can start with the renovation next week. And on that hand request to people if they have clients that can help with arranging stuff into the office. For example, Raymond has some clients that are active in the art space and they wanted to give some.
Yeah, art to us on a rental basis so it might be nice. So if people have good suggestions, feel free to let us know.
19:43
B
Bouke
This is about our MO furniture as well. We decoration everything.
19:46
Speaker 9
Could be possible, right?
19:47
B
Bouke
So.
19:48
Speaker 3
Yeah, up to yourself to decide if anyone is of interest to USS.
19:57
J
Jaap
Okay like it? Really looking forward to new officeers. Anything else then? I have a good great week call.
20:14
Speaker 12
Have a great week.
