Hi, I'm Lisa, I'm okay, thanks.
Hi, how are you?
I'm a little ill, but hanging there it is a little bit.
It's that time of year, isn't it?
Yes. Kids, all that stuff, all the good stuff.
I know. We're just hanging in there. I know Claudia was on a call before, so she'll probably join momentarily, but we just want to kind of touch base with you both and see how things are coming along and connect before the end of the year and before our first close.
No worries. Yeah, so thanks for the opportunity. Should we wait for Claudia or should we jump in?
Maybe wait a minute, I guess let me check here and see.
Yeah.
Yeah, did either of you attend Slush this year? There you were, how was it?
Same as always. Super efficient, but super hectic, which is normal. But it's a special place, right?
Yeah, I know. None of us on our side were able to go this year, but a couple of our investment partners were. I don't know if you saw any of them speak. I know Morritz did a big thing on gaming there, but hey, Claudia.
And it truly lived up to its name. This year it was super slushy.
Which is what we [Laughter] heard. That's what we heard.
Yes, we missed it. This year, it's yeah, and you remember, like, Antoine was like all over the place, so tired.
It was last that we met at the Friday morning. I think of slush in the hotel. And I was pretty. Ang.
I felt fine because I didn't go raging, but he actually... No, sorry, I lie, we hosted a huge event. We hosted our Lightspeed drinks event, but obviously, I left a little bit earlier, but I think the rest of the team was there.
How are you doing now? Are you okay?
I'm okay, I'm not. Nothing's happening yet. It's kind of annoying. I keep saying to a listener, it's like I thought in the US, people could literally demand and request and pay money to make problems go away. I'm not saying that having a baby is a problem, but I find it really frustrating that everyone's like, "Yeah, of course you can induce early." And I spoke to the obstetrician, and she was like, "No, you're too healthy." I'm like, that is the most outrageous feedback I've ever heard. And that I can't do anything except wait.
So I'm waiting. And this child is very comfortable and is not doing anything. So do you know what my solution has been this week? Because it's Thanksgiving week, I have literally booked non-refundable, expensive things all week because I'm so cheap. I just know, in my mind, it's like a double-edged sword. I'm like, obviously, I will either go into labor and then it's at least a blessing that it comes out sooner, or if not, I will have a really nice meal out. We're going to go see an ice hockey game. I don't know, I'm just losing my mind a little bit, so here we are. Yeah, I'm hanging in, I'm complaining.
Face mean ours came too always late.
Listen [Laughter] and tell me that the closest to Christmas is not good [Laughter] but.
It's not nice. It's not really nice. So hang in there [Laughter] and.
Yeah, exactly. But yeah, like tell us. Yeah, we wanted to get a little bit of an update with you guys, obviously on the back of. Thank you again for coming to our SFD. I know that you had a busy week that week. So it obviously worked out to catch up briefly. But we'd love any sort of feedback on how things are progressing.
Yeah, so it's. And again, first of all, thanks so much for having us right. And engaging us in this way - it was a nice way of reconnecting to some old friends, but also making some new friends. And I think the lights speed was stellar, right? It was really well done. And we came out with a lot of energy.
So, the dinner, which was super nice, thanks so much. As said, we came out with a lot of energy. And so we started working towards an IC memo, which Walt and I put a lot of effort into. But on the back of that, we still had to do the LPEC thing for the Opportunity Fund because we don't have a mandate for that. And unfortunately, last week, they came back saying we cannot do the Opportunity Fund. And so we're really bummed out by that. And I didn't really expect it to go that way. We sort of...
Sorry, just to go back. You don't have a mandate for the OPF Fund. As in, they declined, as in there's just no...
So we don't have it in the LPA with our LPs, and so we asked for permission to do this one with the prospect of doing the earlier growth funds. And we thought we had it there. But there was especially one person very vocal, which I think we didn't expect to be. We probably wouldn't have put in so much time and effort ourselves. But that's the reality we're living under, and I think for the next vintage it won't be such a problem as we're obviously in charge of our own LPA for this one.
Uhmm.
So it's a little bit of a pity, no?
So when is the next vintage? It's not obviously going to be for this Fund cycle, is it?
Yes. So it's going to be 2025-2028. But it will be somewhere mid-year.
That is a bummer. After all that.
Yeah, it's because we didn't go... I think we're refiguring out that conversation in our own head. If we could have done better, but I probably could have...
I mean, but yeah, it's a bit of a pity because we got really excited. I think we tried to bring some of the phrasing that you brought when we spoke in London - that it's not really an Opportunity Fund, it's just a seed Fund with a different entry valuation. We really like that sort of stuff.
Which, by the way, isn't actually the truth.
I mean, even when we were doing the analysis, Alisa and I would like to chat. Because we've had so many people doing it, it's like we got into XAI, and it was like an opportunity. We did the SSI deal, which was like a seed in a Series A, an opportunity deal we've done.
So many early-stage companies that have all been in the OP Fund now, which is just a different profile from what we historically did. So it's difficult because I know it's not what Op one to Op two looks like, but it's more of a blueprint for where Fund three is going to be. But.
Yeah, no shame in not hearing this feedback. I don't know what to tell you guys, because I think unfortunately, it's.
I fully understand.
You've laid out the landscape, and if that might change, it changes. But we're fully aware of the implications. And that's what we tried to do this way, right? And I think we had a very honest and upfront conversation in London, and then on the back of that great setting in San Francisco. We wanted to make it happen this way, but unfortunately, this time around at least, it cannot happen that way.
Yeah, I mean, look, happy to keep you guys updated on how things evolve.
I know how you're going to evolve, which is what every single person will tell you. And so that one is looking heavily oversubscribed. And so I think we're even holding the line more with existings now, who want to keep pivoting more and more early. And I think it's hard because I think at the moment, we are just so over-allocated on that Fund in particular. But. But look, we will, you know, if anything changes and your mandate comes in sooner or whatever happens.
Like, let's just try to pick up that conversation in the new year because you never know. But yeah, and like, wait to keep you guys updated.
And then at least we can hear out this to be a moment from you. You know.
08:12
C
claud...@lsvp.com
I mean, it's a long-term sort of relationship, so I totally get that. It's not for this Fund. Hopefully, for the next Fund cycle, we'll be able to bring you guys in. And obviously, I think everything that we've communicated to you in the past, the plan is still the same.
You know, if you guys are coming through California or coming through Europe, we will definitely hit you up. And we will be able to do whatever we can to keep building on the relationship and convincing whoever we need to that this next vintage and these next three funds are actually going to be incredible. And I don't feel like I've just drunk a Kool-Aid and I'm like honestly losing my mind, but it actually genuinely is. Some of the companies we have and some of the valuation rounds - like you guys don't even know this yet, but Skill was just preempted by one of our friends, SoftBank, for $4.5 billion, which given the last round was $1.1 is a very nice return for the Select and OP Fund.
So that's another preempt that just happened. There are so many - I mean, even now, like I know that with the Trump administration, some companies are suddenly getting kind of more and more in vogue, but just, you know, the IPO around everyone went from saying it was expensive to suddenly it's super cheap. And so, given that we were an insider, we've obviously had significant access, but it was so heavily over-allocated. And again, there's actually another conversation - they might raise again and another crazy evaluation even in Q1.
So, like the velocity of things happening is just super exciting. I appreciate that some of this stuff is not realized - it's all paper valuations at the moment, but we are in some of these conversations where it's like if the hype continues to be a little bit irrational, I mean, we will continue to sell into some of these rounds, right? And so maybe we can actually create a little bit of liquidity, whether it's on the Skill piece or whatever else. But we're feeling really good about some of this stuff. Sorry.
10:01
J
Jaap
Honestly, if it were up to Vault and me, we probably would have been more excited about the Opportunity Fund than the Growth Fund. That's what we manage first and foremost, our own money. So I do think we see the opportunities. Just that we're legally bound by this structure, and we tried to sort of circumvent that.
10:23
C
claud...@lsvp.com
But we totally get it.
10:23
J
Jaap
But anyway.
10:24
C
claud...@lsvp.com
I mean, keep us updated. And then let's just sort of take it from there. Like I said, let's pick up our pens again in January, in Q1. And we can sort of see if, for some reason, we're lucky enough to have something change.
10:40
J
Jaap
Thanks. Much appreciated, and really enjoyed the conversation. And sorry to be the bearer of bad news for you, but...
10:44
C
claud...@lsvp.com
I mean, it happens. Thank you very much, guys, and sorry, but this is making me... yeah, enjoy the rest of your week, and we'll definitely speak soon. Yeah, I guys.
10:55
J
Jaap
